"The Last Stand"

I check the O2 sensors again like a nervous habit. "You looking at that thing again?" She says. I ignore her. She doesn't understand that these digital display numbers are all that separates all of us from a quick death. 

This mission is too important, we have to survive. We are the only ones left. I look out the rocket's window and see only the empty darkness of space and the distant twinkle of unknown stars. 

"When's the next jump?" I say. 

"12 hours." She replies. 

"Good. I'll check the wares once again and get some sleep." I walked to the back of the ship, where I could get some privacy. It didn't amount to much in a living space less than 1000 square feet, but just being that short distance away gave me a small sense of relief. I've got it together. We're going to make it. 

I open the cupboard that houses our food stores. Three bags of nutrient gums left. That's three months. In that time we can see maybe another four or five places. Things are getting pretty grim. We'll have to resupply soon and there's no telling when the next edible food will be. 

"It's not going to change you know." She echoes from the cockpit. 

"Shut up" is all I reply. I am tired of hearing it. Tired of her voice. Tired of her smell. I've been in this tube with her, with only the occasional walk outside for three years now. The sleep drugs kill all our sex drive, so there's little to be happy about to share the space with another person. 

"You can either be lonely, or annoyed." It was something my father always used to say. I don't think he had any idea how right he was about that. 

I count over our travelling supplies. Two pistols, two knives, two suits, but only one Medkit. If both of us get injured, it's over. I just have to make sure it's me instead of her. Then maybe we'll still have a chance. 

"Everything checks out, I'm going to get some rest in before we jump." She didn't respond at all. I hit the hay  and wake up shortly before. 

"3... 2... 1... JUMP!"

The computer shouted out the words so loud it felt like the voice of a god. I could feel my skin crawl right before that stomach flipping sensation that always followed. Then... we were there. 

"LOOK! A building!" 

"Don't get too excited. The last place had a building." I said. 

"Yeah, but that one's BIG."
 
The landing went easy but something felt off. The streets were empty. They were quiet but the weird thing is they were clean. Almost like everyone left for holiday yesterday. Maybe they did. You can never tell what an exoplanet's customs are. 

Our ship is the last of it's kind, and as far as we know the only faster-than-light ship left in the universe. Somewhere out there is life, and we're going to find it. 

We have to. 

The great galactic war wiped out all three local colony-zone planets. The ripples of the PlanetRipper Plasma Cannon echoed out for parsecs. Then the barbarians got the rest. 

Yeah there were stories of distant exoplanets that hadn't joined the federation yet. Ones that held life. At least... that's what the stories said. 

The sun was setting on the planet now. Night would be cold as we were in this planet's winter cycle. I readied my pistol and turned on my headlamp. "Let's go."

We went into the building we saw from the sky. If any building was going to have life, it was going to be this one. It's centrally located to the local city and seems to have all it's utilities centered around it. The scanners picked up that there was flowing water underground and electrified currents. This was the best hope we'd had in months of finding someone, anyone. 

I turned off my headlamp since the lights came on as soon as I entered. It was quiet, but clean. Same thing. We headed into the first room near the entrance. It was a guard post. 

"Oh... no." She began to cry. Weeping into her suit and turning away. Black, dead eyes of another guardian in their suit stared back at us. 

In his hand, a note scrawled in madness...

"Every planet we reach is dead."

After the disappointment of finding another dead planet, we trudged back to the ship, feeling more despondent than ever. I couldn't shake the feeling that something was different this time as I settled in for another night on the ship. I couldn't quite put my finger on it, but something felt off.

As I lay in my bunk, trying to sleep, I suddenly heard a faint noise coming from outside the ship. It sounded like a faint humming, almost like a voice. I sat up, listening intently, and after a moment, I heard it again.

I quickly jumped out of bed and grabbed my suit and weapons, waking my partner as I did so. "I think I heard something," I said urgently. "We need to go check it out."

My partner quickly followed suit, and together, we stepped outside the ship, our weapons at the ready. As we scanned the area, we saw a faint light in the distance, and we headed towards it cautiously.

As we drew closer, we realized that the light was coming from a small, makeshift shelter, and as we peered inside, we saw a figure huddled in the corner, wrapped in blankets.

We looked at each other in shock, unable to believe that after all this time, we had finally found another living person. We approached the figure cautiously, and as we got closer, we saw that it was a woman, her face gaunt and haggard, but with a spark of life in her eyes.

However, as we tried to communicate with the woman, we quickly realized that she was a barbarian, unable to speak our language and completely unaware of the ways of the civilized world. She looked at us with fear and confusion in her eyes, and we could tell that she was wary of our presence.

Despite our best efforts, we were unable to communicate with the woman, and she became increasingly agitated as we tried to approach her. In a fit of panic, she grabbed a nearby weapon and began to destroy everything in sight, including our ship.

As we tried to flee, the barbarian woman came after us with a ferocity that we had never seen before. She was relentless, and we knew that if we didn't act fast, she would kill us both.
I grabbed my weapon and turned to face the woman, my heart racing as I took aim. I knew that this was it, that it was kill or be killed. And as I pulled the trigger, I didn't hesitate.

The woman crumpled to the ground, a look of surprise and pain etched on her face. I didn't have time to think about what I had just done, as my partner and I quickly ran back to the ship, our breaths coming in ragged gasps.

Once we were safely inside, I turned to my partner, ready to lay into her for not having my back. But before I could say a word, she pulled out a knife and tried to take her own life.

I managed to grab her hand and disarm her, but not before she had inflicted a deep wound on herself. I knew that I had to act fast if I wanted to save her, and so I quickly grabbed the medkit and patched up her wound as best I could.

As she drifted off into unconsciousness, I sat by her side, trying to come up with a plan. I knew that we couldn't stay on this planet, but I also knew that we couldn't just leave her behind.

After much contemplation, I decided that my best course of action was to bring her back to the ship and heal her as best I could. Then, when she was strong enough, I would confront her and find out what had driven her to such desperation.

I knew that it wouldn't be easy, but I was determined to do whatever it took to save her. Even if it meant putting my own life on the line. As I turn to leave the room, the ship's computer suddenly beeps. I hurry back to the cockpit to see what's going on, and to my surprise, there's a survival beacon coming from another guardian ship.

Hope surges through me as I realize that we may not be alone after all.

If there is one barbarian on this planet, there must be more. But any attempt at contact with them would be dangerous. Barbarians believe that technology is made by demons, and they will stop at nothing to destroy it.

I let out a sigh and make my way back to the cockpit. As I sit down, I can't help but wonder if we'll ever find a place that's truly safe. Will we always be running, always searching for a home that may not even exist?

I lean back in my chair and close my eyes, trying to push these thoughts out of my head. We have to keep going, no matter how difficult it may seem. We are the last guardians, and it's up to us to find a way to survive in this hostile universe.

I open my eyes and take a deep breath, ready to face whatever challenges come our way. We will make it, no matter what. I decide to head out on my own. 

I had been wandering through the deserted city for hours, searching for any sign of life. But all I found was more and more evidence of the destruction that had been wrought on this planet.

As the sun began to set, I decided to head back to the ship. It was getting cold, and I didn't want to be out in the open at night.

But as I was making my way back, I heard a noise behind me. I turned, expecting to see my partner, but instead I was confronted by a group of barbarians.

I knew immediately that I was in trouble. These barbarians were fierce and brutal, known for their hatred of technology and their love of battle.

I tried to defend myself, but I was no match for their strength and skill. After a short fight, I was overpowered and captured.
As I sit in my cage, I can't help but think about the mistake I made in leaving my partner behind. I should have known that I couldn't face the barbarians alone.

But it's too late for regrets now. All I can do is try to come up with a plan to save myself and get back to her.

I sit in the cage, my injured leg throbbing with pain. I had known the risk I was taking when I decided to leave my sleeping partner behind and engage the barbarians on my own. But I had to try, even if it meant putting myself in danger.

Now, as I look around at the group of barbarians who have captured me, I realize that my fate is not looking good. They are cannibals, and it's clear that they plan to eat me.

But I am not one to give up easily. As I sit there, I reach into a hidden pocket and pull out a small technological device. It's a tool I always carry with me, just in case.

I begin to construct a plan in my head, trying to figure out a way to escape and save myself. I know it won't be easy, but I have to try. I can't just sit here and wait for my fate to be decided.

As I work, I can feel the barbarians watching me with a mixture of curiosity and disgust. They don't understand the technology I am using, and to them it must seem like magic.

But I am not a magician. I am a guardian, and it is my duty to protect and defend. I will do whatever it takes to escape this place and get back to my partner.

I just hope it's not too late.

I pull out the small device and study it, trying to come up with a plan. And then, it hits me. This device is more than just a tool - it's a weapon.

I activate the hologram projector and focus on creating an image of a god-like being. It's a risky move, but I have to try something.

To my surprise, the barbarians fall to their knees, worshipping the holographic being I have created. They are completely fooled, thinking that I am some kind of divine being.

I use this opportunity to make my escape, sneaking out of the cage and making my way back to the ship. As I run, I can hear the barbarians praying and chanting behind me.

I don't know if this trick will work for long, but for now it has bought me some time. I just have to get back to my partner and get off this planet as quickly as possible.

I won't let anything stand in my way.

I can hardly believe it when I see the barbarian leader holding my partner hostage. I had thought I was safe, but now it seems like all of my efforts have been for nothing.

"You are one of the ones responsible for the destruction of the universe," the barbarian leader growls at me, his English surprisingly clear. "You shall pay for your sins."

I know that I have to do something, but my options are limited. I don't have the strength or the weapons to fight this man, so I decide to try a different approach.

"Please, let her go," I beg, falling to my knees. "I will submit to you, do whatever you want. Just please, let her go."
The barbarian leader sneers at me, clearly not impressed by my pleas. "I am not a fool," he says. "I will not fall for your tricks. I was once just like you, a guardian searching for life on other planets. But when I found this one, it was inhabited by a primitive civilization that worshipped me as a god. I have ruled over them with an iron fist ever since, ensuring their loyalty through fear and violence. I ensure their survival, and you endanger that. You cannot be allowed to live."

And with that, he lunges at me, his sword drawn. I try to defend myself, but I am no match for him. He slices me open, and I can feel my life slipping away.

But even as I lay there, dying, I refuse to give up. I know that I have to do something to protect my partner. And so, using the last of my strength, I reach into my pocket and pull out the technological device.

I focus all of my energy on manipulating the device as a remote, positioning the barbarian leader under the escape hatch. And to my amazement, it works. As I push the button, the escape hatch opens, crushing the barbarian to death.

But it's not enough. I can feel myself slipping away, my vision growing dim. I turn to my partner and take her hand, knowing that this is the end.

"You have to go on," I tell her, my voice barely above a whisper. "You have to use the frozen sperm on the ship to bear my child. Promise me that you'll do this."

She nods, tears streaming down her face. "I promise," she says.

And with that, I close my eyes, knowing that I have done all I can.

The funeral is a somber affair. The barbarians, now worshipping my partner as a goddess, perform the ceremony with great reverence. And as she stands there, surrounded by the tribe, I know that my legacy will live on.

It's not the ending I had hoped for, but it's the best I could do. And as I fade away into the darkness, I am at peace, knowing that my partner and my child will be safe.
